Yeah...
That was a cool airplane
No, I think that's the one in the front.
No, it was in the back. Actually, I don't remember.
But then like they're like yeah, so those were like kind of like a classic kind of playing but then at that time
It was like a very  good play
Yeah...
Yeah... much more like if they get more like efficient one than the
Yeah, apparently yeah
probably yeah yeah yeah it was like invented and then like you know
Well, I guess everyone was helping out and then some people looked for those planes and then they, you know, found one.
Yeah, he was one of those some pilots. yeah..
Yeah... He used that skill too.
Yeah...
He's the mechanic.
He was the only guy they could never have a six
It wasn't good enough to fly it.
Yeah...
I don't know, I didn't watch that part.
Yeah... yeah..
Yeah...
First attack and I think it just went back into the ocean.
I don't know. In another Godzilla, like... big..
The reason it went back is because it suddenly overheated.
No.. no.., she  the last.  she was  the last. Like when it was like number...
numbers like when I was in a like third stage
like it suddenly overheated so I had to go back into the ocean
Yeah...
You only saw like part of it.
Ha.. ha... Yeah, and then destroy everything. Yeah, that's cool.
yeah but anyway back to the main yeah
Yeah...
It was like classic.
Yeah, kinda. Yeah, kinda... Yeah..
The really old ones had kinder expressions. Yeah, much more round.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, and it does that, and it does that. What do you call it?
What does that mean? Like, Why are they called shea?
Yeah...
Ahhh...
Ahhhh...So that's why they have that.
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah that makes sense
Yeah, they were a bit comedic. (***)
Yeah, they were gone.
Yeah, they don't use their hands all the time.
you.
Yeah, that's why the newer one is a projector of people.
So you say that newer ones are too nice, but the minus one wasn't nice.
you
What
My last one was like that. But then the older ones were like, they were Japan.
but it kind of yeah but then like the american godzilla is the one that kind of
like protector but
Yeah...
Ginga monsters. Ginga monsters.
King of monsters.
Ha.. ha.. ha..  Kick a monster. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was (***)   a good one, but then like...
Yeah, but then I think minus one is good because they just step on the people.
go.. no mercy.
No...
I think maybe because it was the closest blend mask.
Not yet.. Yeah...
That's only the comedic one. That's only the comedic one.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah...
That was the shingles that you're talking about
I guess.
Yeah...   Yeah...
Yeah...
Yeah.. Yeaah..
Him